Editor's Update status-of-this-document.md (#344)
w3c/wcag2ict: status-of-this-document.md

This is a Technical Report on Applying WCAG 2 to Non-Web Information and Communications Technologies (WCAG2ICT). The intent of this work is to update the 2013 WCAG2ICT Note's guidance to include changes made in WCAG 2.1 and 2.2.

<div class="note">
  
The current draft includes guidance for all of the WCAG 2 success criteria from WCAG 2.0, 2.1 and 2.2. 

The group is seeking feedback on the following aspects that were added or have substantial changes in this draft:

- Guidance for WCAG 2.2 success criteria and glossary term definitions added by this draft
- Updates to the closed functionality guidance in the [Comments on Closed Functionality](#comments-on-closed-functionality) and [Appendix A. Success Criteria Problematic for Closed Functionality](#success-criteria-problematic-for-closed-functionality) sections
- WCAG2ICT key term definitions added in this draft: [menu-driven interface](#menu-driven-interface), [closed functionality](#closed-functionality)

> Once public comments submitted for this publication of the WCAG2ICT Draft Working Group Note are addressed, the intent is for the next publication of this document to be a finalized W3C Working Group Note.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the planned last draft before we publish this as a W3C Working Group Note.

</div>
```
